README.md, before:

# miniweb-avih
Small, cross-platform HTTP server

- This is a fork of http://miniweb.sourceforge.net/ , with the following enhancements:
  - Enhanced directory listing with sortable columns (requires js, else the normal listing).
  - Unicode support on windows - command line and directory listing.
  - Better support for large files in download (correct size at the HTTP header) and directory listing
  (displayed size is now correct).
  - Linux/OS X/etc: faster shutdown, and less wait before next successful startup.
  - POST support disabled for now.
  - Easier build  with custon `$CC`, and other minor improvements. The MSVC project files might be stale.
  - Name changed to `Miniweb-avih`.


- License: "GNU Library or Lesser General Public License version 2.0 (LGPLv2)".
See [License note](./miniweb-avih/LICENSE.md).
- A snapshot of the original repository 
[svn rev 208](https://sourceforge.net/p/miniweb/code/208/) on which this fork is
based is at branch `svn-orig-rev-208` of this repository (the original project seems
unmaintained since 2013.).

### [Original project description below]

## MiniWeb
MiniWeb is an embeddable, cross-platform, small-footprint HTTP server
implementation, implementing basic GET and POST requests as well as request
handling dynamic content generating. It works on x86 (Windows/Linux),
ARM, MIPS and any posix platforms, either embedded or standalone.

## Features
- small footprint HTTP server written in C
- GET & POST actions with basic HTTP authentication
- user-defined request handler routines
- cross-platform compatibility
- basic HTTP audio and video streaming
- serial UART to HTTP gateway

Commit message:

added support for zip files added handler list to startup output set default port to 8000

README.md, after:

# additional changes 
 - added zip - support
 - added dependencies for 7z-support (allthough it does not properly with large 7zfiles)
 - made compilable with Visual Studio 2015

# miniweb-avih
Small, cross-platform HTTP server

- This is a fork of http://miniweb.sourceforge.net/ , with the following enhancements:
  - Enhanced directory listing with sortable columns (requires js, else the normal listing).
  - Unicode support on windows - command line and directory listing.
  - Better support for large files in download (correct size at the HTTP header) and directory listing
  (displayed size is now correct).
  - Linux/OS X/etc: faster shutdown, and less wait before next successful startup.
  - POST support disabled for now.
  - Easier build  with custon `$CC`, and other minor improvements. The MSVC project files might be stale.
  - Name changed to `Miniweb-avih`.


- License: "GNU Library or Lesser General Public License version 2.0 (LGPLv2)".
See [License note](./miniweb-avih/LICENSE.md).
- A snapshot of the original repository 
[svn rev 208](https://sourceforge.net/p/miniweb/code/208/) on which this fork is
based is at branch `svn-orig-rev-208` of this repository (the original project seems
unmaintained since 2013.).

### [Original project description below]

## MiniWeb
MiniWeb is an embeddable, cross-platform, small-footprint HTTP server
implementation, implementing basic GET and POST requests as well as request
handling dynamic content generating. It works on x86 (Windows/Linux),
ARM, MIPS and any posix platforms, either embedded or standalone.

## Features
- small footprint HTTP server written in C
- GET & POST actions with basic HTTP authentication
- user-defined request handler routines
- cross-platform compatibility
- basic HTTP audio and video streaming
- serial UART to HTTP gateway
